APPSEC-6285 - Create shadowdeployed rules collection in appsec-event-rules (#103)
DataDog/appsec-event-rules: README.md

- recommended: this is the rules that currently bundles with the Appsec libraries
- strict: Under developed rules which can generate some false positives
- risky: Under developed rules which can generate alot false positives

> - shadow-deployed: list of shadow deployed rules that won't trigger any signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- shadow-deployed: Rules under qualification that won't appear in the interface until they're certified not to trigger false positives. Those rules also won't trigger signals
```
